Hey, good evening, everybody. I just wanted to come on here and talk to you all about some things the Lord has been speaking to me about through prayer.
First off, I want to just say thank you for all the support that I'm getting, all the encouragement, and all the blessings—you all keep saying 'bless you'and all that stuff.
There are several people who are not being too nice, but for the most part, I have a lot of support, so I just wanted to say thank you.
I am not a fortune teller. Please do not email my house asking for direction concerning your life for me to hear God for you.
My job is to come on here and teach you how to do it yourself. You have the same Holy Ghost that lives on the inside of you that lives on the inside of me.
People are really concerned about the EMP attack; people are really concerned about the water poisoning.
Whenever I was taking care of my yard work, the Lord spoke to me and said there's a shifting.
I could feel it; there's a pushback of the demonic assignment that was upon America.
Our prayers are working, and he reminded me, 'Brandon, I called you and put you on there for prayer.'That was your main assignment: to teach the people to pray, putting videos of prayer so that they could jump in the rivers.
We are a mighty force together when we are praying as a unit, not like, as I said, Rambos out there trying to fight the war by themselves.
If we will come together and fight together, we're able to move mountains, and it's amazing what we can accomplish just with five minutes of prayer a day.
I'm not bringing it in, as I said, for fear; I'm bringing this to you to help me pray. It's not drama.
So, here you go: I want to come on here and I want to tell you all some things now about what the Lord is showing me in prayer.
First off, I want to tell you all some positive things, something that happened that was a birthday present to me from the Lord.
When I was praying, all of a sudden, he said, 'I want to give you a birthday present, Brandon.'And I said, 'Oh, wow, what is it, Lord?'Then all of a sudden, he opened my eyes in the spirit and he showed me right after the Rapture happens.
I was standing in heaven, and I was on this green field. It was beautiful.
There were hills all up in front of me and I could see mountains all in the distance.
There was snow on top of these mountains, which is really amazing.
This was happening—it looked like the Swiss Alps. It was gorgeous all in the distance.
These green pastures were all before me. The grass was so green it looked almost transparent.
It was beautiful green grass. I have never seen this kind of grass on the earth, how beautiful and lush and green this was.
My wife was running in from the distance and she was doing cartwheels. We were in our glorified bodies.
I could see I was skinny and I had hair, but my face didn't look hard, as if I'd been through a lot.
It was so young and youthful; it was beautiful. Everything I was seeing—I could see my wife, and she was doing cartwheels like I said.
She ran into me and she goes, 'Brandon, we made it! It really happened.'And I kept saying, 'It really happened.
We made it.'I could see the glory; you could feel the presence of glory.
There were no shadows on anything; the light was so beautiful and so bright.
Sorry, my dog is running in the back playing with a toy, if you heard that squeaking.
There was a glorious light all around everything and heaven.
I just wanted to come on and tell you all, we're about to be there.
We're almost there; we're right at the finish line, guys. We just got to push just a little bit harder here.
We got to pray, and God's going to do some great things in this earth still with a revival.
There's going to be some people He's going to bring in that have been wayward—the children that are wayward.
Like I said, the moms are praying, and they're calling out and asking God for their kids to get born again.
I'm telling you, don't give up on those children that are wayward.
The Lord hears your prayers, and He's bringing those kids in.
I'm telling you, you just got to keep the faith and keep standing, and there's going to be a breakthrough in your household.
I'm telling you, you just got to keep on. When all else there is to do is stand, stand therefore.
Do not give up for your healings, for the miracles that you're believing for, or for finances.
You may not have anything to eat, but my God said He's never seen the righteous forsaken or his seed begging bread.
He'll bring forth the finances that you need. I just believe in a faithful God; if He would bring the raven to feed Elijah, He'll bring a raven to feed you.
Now, I just want to tell you all what the Lord has warned me about what's coming and what we can avoid in prayer and what we can stop.
Excuse me, I saw... this is something that reminded me when I was doing my yard work tonight. This is what I'm trying to tell you.
He said, 'I want you to tell them to pray for Donald Trump.'I saw him walking down on a cobblestone path.
I saw it was like tropical—I don't know where he was—but I saw a woman.
Now, sometimes I'm seeing in the spirit and it's not necessarily...
this warning that the Lord has told me about was about Donald Trump and to intercede and pray for him. He showed me him walking down a cobblestone path.
Now, I don't know if this is legitimately a cobblestone path or if it's like a type and shadow of something.
He's walking down this path, and this woman is absolutely beautiful.
She has blonde hair in a French twist and she was dressed up in a beautiful dress. She was there to take him out.
The Secret Service people around were not guarded because of this woman's beauty; she was very classy.
I don't know if this is a type and shadow of someone who would try to seduce him, but this woman was an assignment against him.
This is something I'm praying over: protection for God to deliver him from either a seducing spirit, like a Jezebel kind of person, or an actual attempt on him.
This is very serious. The Lord has had me praying for his protection from an assignment involving this beautiful woman.
She has blonde hair and looks very much like a model. This was part of something the Lord had me interceding for.
Lately, He had me praying for this oil tanker that was in the Atlantic Ocean coming out of Africa.
This is something else; it's not about fear, it's just something I pray over. You are prayer warriors, and you can help me.
This could be something way off in the distance or something we've already stopped, but I bring these things out here.
If you feel led to pray over it, pray; if not, put it on a shelf and walk away.
This was an oil tanker coming out of Africa, and all of the crew on board were rounded up by these terrorists.
They were hiding on the ship, got on board, took these men to the bottom of the ship, and killed them.
I saw them with a briefcase—I'm not going to say the word—but it's very powerful.
They took the ship to Washington Harbor, near Virginia. I'm going to show you on a map right now.
They brought the ship in and set this thing off. It was very serious and powerful; everything went away.
I'm trying to say this in a way that doesn't get me flagged. I just wanted to come on here and tell you these are more things I'm praying over.
We live in dangerous and challenging times. I do not live in a fairytale land where everything is always okay. I wake up every day and the Lord has me on assignments.
I am on missions, praying for things on a continual basis for what He has for the end times, for the church, and for the thousand years.
We have a bright future ahead of us; God has a great plan for us.
Lastly, He had me pray against large gatherings of people for mass shootings.
Pray against this; it's an assignment being sent to try to take the Second Amendment away from the people.
And they're going to run on campaigns in 2024; a lot of it will be ran against the Second Amendment and taking things away.
I saw these big mass events trying to take place. The Lord had me pray very hard for Coachella.
I kept praying for this word, 'Coachella,'and I kept getting this in the spirit realm.
So I told my friend about it and he helped me Google it, and then my wife helped me Google this word.
It was days away from what was supposed to take place, and I interceded for this hard.
I prayed a fast, believing God for protection so that this stuff didn't happen.
Nothing happened. Now, I don't know when it happens again; I believe probably next year.
So we're going to pray that these major events and big gatherings of people for nothing to happen.
If you have a check in your spirit about major gatherings, do not go. Pray in the Holy Ghost and the Lord will protect you.
Use wisdom in this day and hour for you and for your family to not just be flippantly going places.
Pray ahead of time: 'Lord, is it Your will for me to go to that concert?
Is it Your will for me to go to that sporting event?'Because if you don't and you hear the Lord not to go, it could cost you your life.
You have to be very vigilant nowadays in prayer and fasting, listening to Him on where you're supposed to be at all times.
Don't just go to malls; do not just go to certain things without hearing Him on that day.
Wake up that morning and say, 'Father, what am I supposed to do?
What's Your agenda for me, not what's my agenda?'You listen to Him for your life.
'Lord, can I go to the grocery store today? Can I go to the game?
Can I go to this and that?'Ask Him; He will guide you on every step you're supposed to take for your life that day, every day.
He wants to be that close to you. Let Him speak to you and practice His presence.
A lot of people always ask me, 'How do you hear God the way you do? How do you listen to Him like that?'It started like this.
He told me, 'I'm going to start talking to you about things, and I want you to practice My voice.
I want you to practice this.'It was just private between me and Him, and He said, 'I'm going to tell you about sports because I love sports.'It's one of my big things—football, basketball, baseball, all of it.
I watch it, I love it, it's amazing to me. You know, just the game; I love the testosterone of it.
And so, we would sit on the couch together, the Lord and I, and He would talk to me about the score.
He'd say, 'This is who's going to win, and this is the score, and this is how much they're going to win by—this team and this team.'He'd tell me the game for that day, college football or whatever, and He said, 'This is who's going to win it, and this is how much they're going to win it by.'He talked about Super Bowls, He talks about World Series, He talks about it all.
And so I practice His presence; I practice His voice. He said to me, 'If you ever bet or gamble on anything I ever tell you, I will not talk this way to you ever again.
But I want you to go like you're going to a spiritual gym. I want you to work out that muscle, your spiritual ears, with Me.'And this is how I started: I practice His presence. Then He talks to me about the weather.
He says, 'In six weeks, it's going to be this temperature outside; it's going to snow, and this is how much we're going to get.'He talks to me about how much rain we're going to get.
He talks to me about when the fall will start, when the first cold front's going to come, and He tells me way in advance.
He said, 'I want you to write this down.'He said summer's going to have this many hurricanes, and in the Gulf Coast, this is how many hurricanes are going to be here and this is how big they're going to be.
You can pray against them, pray for safety for people, and He will show me.
Then He shows me about tornado season; He shows me about the storms.
That's how I've learned to develop my spiritual ears, practicing His presence.
And sometimes you miss it. It's okay; we're human. But you just keep picking yourself back up and say, 'Lord, I missed that.
I thought I heard You right on that, but I didn't.'And you humble yourself and you keep going.
You don't kick yourself when you fall down; you rise back up.
You have to keep on keeping on. We all have a tendency; we can miss it.
I'm going to tell you right off: I've missed it a lot on things when I was first starting out, about investments and the timing of things, and it's okay.
That's how we learn. I just want to encourage you all. God is a graceful God.
He's not mad; he's not up there beating people up. He is a lot of love.
I just wanted to encourage you with that. That was another thing I wanted to tell you. Have a blessed day, everybody. Bye-bye.